1. if you want only one block of code to run, use an if - elif -
else chain. If more than one block of code needs to run, use a series of
independent if statements.

2. dictionaries are not ordered, they can’t be sliced like lists

3. The setdefault() method is a nice shortcut to ensure that a key exists.The
   first argument passed to the method is the key to check for, and the second
   argument is the value to set at that key if the key does not exist. If the key
   does exist, the setdefault() method returns the key’s value. (dictionary)

4. Fortunately, dictionaries have a get() method that takes two
  arguments: the key of the value to retrieve and a fallback value to return if
  that key does not exist. (dictionary)

5. range(len(list)) return the index of a list.
   for ex: 0, 1, 2, 3

6. The continue statement tells Python to ignore the rest of
    the loop and return to the beginning.

7. active = True
   while active:
        message = input(prompt)
        if message == 'quit':
            active = False
        else:
            print(message)

    We set the variable active to True so the program starts in an active
    state. Doing so makes the while statement simpler because no comparison is
    made in the while statement itself; the logic is taken care of in other parts of
    the program. As long as the active variable remains True , the loop will con-
    tinue running v.
    In the if statement inside the while loop, we check the value of message
    once the user enters their input. If the user enters 'quit' w, we set active
    to False , and the while loop stop


8.  When you write a class, you define the general
    behavior that a whole category of objects can have.

9. Making an object from a class is called instantiation and you work with
    instances of a class.

10. self , which is a reference to the instance itself; it gives the individual instance access to
    the attributes and methods in the class.


11. The super() function at x is a special function that helps Python make
    connections between the parent and child class.This line tells Python to
    ElectricCar instance all the attributes of its parent class.

12. If the first index in a slice is greater than or equal to the second index, Python returns an empty string.
      Ex: s = 'foobar'
      s[2:2] == s[4:2]
      #true


 13.  A set can be thought of simply as a well-defined collection of distinct objects, typically called elements or members.
        1. ) Sets are unordered.
        2. ) Set elements are unique. Duplicate elements are not allowed.
        3. ) A set itself may be modified, but the elements contained in the set must be of an immutable type.
        4. ) Don’t forget that Set elements must be immutable. 
            For example, a tuple may be included in a set:
             But lists and dictionaries are mutable, so they can’t be set elements:

14. Iterables :
                        1.) Strings are also iterable. so a string can be passed to set() as well.
                        2. ) argument to set() is an iterable
                        

15. A frozenset, which is in all respects exactly like a set, except that a frozenset is immutable
                        













